I - yen so look I mean obviously we can
take any direction but did you were in
Thailand at the same time I was so less
than one year ago I was in Thailand I
had my great encounter with durianrider
he said he was going to beat me up and
then he never showed up
you never showed up for the fight he
chickened out he backed out of the fight
you tried to start it but I take it like
this some extent even though you started
off you know like your interest in
veganism was sparked by durianrider at
some point your view who saw his side of
the scene of change yeah although you're
obviously still heavily into biking yeah
yeah yeah hundred percent I mean I think
you know what he's done you know
promoting veganism and I think even
cycling and probably even almost on
power or even a bigger positive of my
view of m of what a promoters look like
getting girls into cycling and everyone
I think it's like that's great and what
he's done is amazing but he yeah I think
I think around that time the file and
thing became changed a bit you know
obviously everyone knows a lot of stuff
went down and even since then it's just
you find out stuff and it's not so
subtle what it's what it seems and it's
you know some slander and onions behalf
of other people whether that's on tumblr
or YouTube and you know I'm humbly to
make fake accounts and just just talking
crap about a lot of people you know I
still respect what is done and stuff but
I just don't
yes don't have that I don't trust
everything it does and all that kind of
thing and I think a lot of people who
are in Thailand it's been put on transit
service earns you and I think it's
really it's a big shame because when
we're in Thailand like some stuff is
going on about about you but I don't
think many people really know much about
it
but it's just a shame that when you look
up to someone like Holly or anyone that
you watch on YouTube or that kind of
thing that helps you you look after them
and you you get to a point where so much
like whether you know it or not you you
start believing everything they say and
doing doing what they say if someone if
they say something bad or cool then you
just believe that and then for human
that in that voice of just you know
saying that things about you that when
negative and
mean another thing just had that like
all that guys you know that goes bad and
and then when I just got in touch with
you recently like I'm happy that we got
in touch of a point where I had a you
know a level a level head about the
value and just open and not you know not
in that kind of Holly Holly Holly
mindset so it's you know I mean it's I
feel for you in that regard and that's
obviously why you take the steps to
rectify there we go just interesting
goods me out uh you might think I got a
lot of people coming on my channel want
to debate this stuff with me but I don't
you know I it's always interesting to
see it you know just from the other side
because obviously I never was a fan of
Harley I just say so you commented there
in passing you mentioned that you
thought that most people didn't know of
the what was going on with me and me and
Harley at that time I think that really
a lot of those people part of part of
being a kind of cult follower is
intentionally not knowing things when
they're inconvenient so if one of the
examples of that for me when I talk of
it in Thailand and also on the Internet
I've talked to a lot of people either
currently support Harley and freely or
they used to and like when you ask them
about well what about Crohn's disease
like it's a really specific example
Harley claimed he could cure Crohn's
disease this incurable disease and that
he had cured it himself and even when
you look at what he said in different
videos you know he's contradicting his
own story like even if you want to
believe him like you just watched three
different videos he made on the same
topic it's really obvious that he's
lying and whenever I ask people like
that they'd sort of look at you and say
I didn't know anything about that and
they did so they watch that video they
knew they knew exactly when I'm telling
them but they're sort of like a choosing
not to know so I think like when I was
there I'm not obviously after I left you
know maybe people moved on already
it was huge I mean so many videos about
me on his channel and all those people
were watching his channel every day and
reading his tumblr every day so I don't
I don't think anyone really you know
didn't know they're kind of choosing
choosing to pretend they don't know you
know yet you know it's probably unless
that I wasn't probably as much of a coke
follower and like watching HD videos
like in YouTube dinner that I want
someone teaching but yeah I guess well
as you're saying like a probably more
occult basically a
a lot of them intolerant words so I
guess from my view I probably didn't
think that that's made for many many
tipping knew about it fail to see
obviously they did and what you're
saying to spend about like everything
want to choose like they chose not
severe here about you know what are you
saying a lot about kind of thing it's
almost like it's a little things when
you're not vegan and you want to be
ignorant about you know about what's
happening animals and all that kind of
thing and in the same sense that you
don't want someone that you look up to
on YouTube to fall from grace and it
says that you know it's you feel hurt
that you know that you you believed what
that was again it's a similar being of
you know that doesn't falling in your
mind you know disrespect it's the
similar thing to like you know about to
new vegan and the negative emotions that
come from that third yeah anyway look I
mean it's an interesting because you you
actually became vegan because of
durianrider there's another guy I know
on YouTube and he became vegan because
of like the worst video vegan gains did
it was vegan gains it was the video
about vegan gains trying to film his own
grandfather's death it's like the most
meaningless video the thickest of well
yeah vegan gains his grandfather died
and he wanted to videotape it and like
his mom wouldn't let him post the
videotape on the internet nothing you're
thinking and they know a guy he like he
got into it so it in terms of drama it's
like the most meaningless most migos
drama and because this guy he's he's an
older guy and he's married and he just
he's recounted the story to me he was
like talking to his wife and he was like
oh my god this is crazy this guy you
know filmed this guy having a heart
attack I think it was a heart attack and
like you know nothing to have veganism
and step by step yes your leaves are
coming vegan did you say like it is one
of those things like you can become
vegan because of a car crash it doesn't
mean car crash chips are good is it well
that that's the thing I realized because
I the first video I watched it probably
was he's like what [ __ ] like let's say
and it's funny so what I realized is
that it's not it's not about the first
or second or third or tenth or whatever
media that you show them or video that
you show them as like an influencer or
whatever
it's just eventually it's almost like
gaining their respect or gaining either
gaining the respect or gaining that
person's trust or like just and thinking
you're cool and then promoting veganism
because it's the first thing that you
show them in thinking is Amanda they're
here and I don't want to know about it
then they're not going to listen so it
doesn't matter how you get them it's
just you know getting them and then then
later comes the you know from O'Neil
yeah not not really to complain but just
as a segue coming back to vegan dating
like you know I just I just I have a new
girlfriend now I'm in a commitment
relationship so I can test out your app
but my girlfriend will be furious with
me if your app as a setting for taken
for not available then I can test out
your app you know I didn't think of that
but we didn't what if it is a heart for
the hot button and a wave button and in
it so the web is like to giveaway of
each other as friends and if typical hot
each other is something more of the
heart match so as long as you're waving
people and that's it and then you're
fine but I think yeah as you said we
should probably include that in a
relationship as well
what anyway it's up to you it's up to
how you want to define it you know one
of the things that durianrider denounced
me for was that I have a history of
using the website couchsurfing to meet
other vegans bahala me all these videos
like slamming me like the he was
claiming the only reason why anyone
would use couchsurfing was to get laid
but then I made a video where a she like
posted my profile ty when you can't you
can you go sir we get late like don't
get I think you're laughing cuz you know
I think you have some experience of this
no not nice and people yeah but
couchsurfing Joe surfing is a funny one
because officially the website doesn't
allow that officially it's not supposed
to be used for data right
the durianrider came down on me horror
like he was saying all this defamatory
stuff he was saying like I'm a sexual
predator and the proof was supposed to
be my couch surfing profile right so
then I made a video where I was like hey
guys let's actually read what it says on
my couch surfing profile I have a
YouTube channel period about 90% of it
lately
is talking about think Anissa obviously
I'm leading a double life here obviously
this profile is a complete fiction and
you know it's just no resemblance the
real me and you know my great secret has
been discovered by these people were
trying to denounce me what a shame you
pick books and books through Citadis
then I have the Chinese name festivities
and Herodotus but no I can't read Greek
one amazing thing I've done true story
I'm in a remote village on the lao
burmese border and some of the villagers
are about to slaughter a pig the men who
are sharpening the knife to slit the
animal's throat request that i chant in
pali the canonical language of buddhism
so the pig will be reincarnated as a
human being I laugh and I replied that
they're asking the wrong question they
should be asking me to chant so they
won't be reborn as pigs true story did I
mention that I'm being well Asian guys
it sure just Bakley familiar with my web
presence on YouTube or otherwise none of
this could be a shock or scandal to
anyone now if you don't know like look
let's say coach surfing was a dating web
site it was a moment if not it's not a
dating web site but if it was to what
you think I'd be ashamed of this you
picked up something to hide with this
profile really well I actually really
use go surfing like a social network to
meet other vegans then that more men met
more men than women that way I think I
can say I never got laid through coaster
I think I think I'm like a missing maybe
once but I you know it's it's an
interesting thing online because on
couchsurfing my profile it really said
like I'm vegan I'm only interested in
meeting other vegans or vegetarians this
is what my you know my life is all about
etcetera and you know it's always that
interesting thing is using other social
media mainstream social media whether
it's Facebook or couchsurfing or what
have you if what you really want is like
for me it was with traveling like okay
so I'm moving to Cambodia or going to
Taiwan I want to meet other
people were vegan can I use this you
this mainstream social media platform as
a kind of vegan social media yeah I
think that's the challenge most
regionals I assume that's where the
inspiration for you starting your own
app came from yeah I guess I saw it more
as the opportunity rather than the issue
because I like I I don't find it too
difficult to meet people that kind of
stuff alike I'm pretty active all right
you know but I sort more is the
opportunity of just the sheer numbers
that are growing and and that kind of
thing but it's interesting what you're
saying about like couchsurfing and
anything with kinder and stuff is people
have just this negatives like well I'll
go on Pindos example like you know I've
been promoting sprouted you know this
it's like it's kind of like a venture
they can tinder with you know you can
add friends as well and then table so I
go over tenders just a hookup thing in
it it's nice it's like it's like a piece
of toast it is what you make it like you
know you can have the foot jam or peanut
butter on earth it's like with um with
energy and you can just go on it to have
a full cup so you can go on two tubs
unmanned for you can think about it
though because I mean if you want it to
be an app that really works for
friendship or even for meeting other
activists also that might just be a
checkmark where it's like look I'm a
vegan I'm not looking for love I'm not
looking for sex but I'm looking for the
vegans totally up for you but I mean
obviously it can be a specialized app
you know one way or the other but with
any of these media I used the ultimate
original method of meeting people was
living in Kunming China which is just a
piece of paper I made a poster that was
completely non sexy like I can send you
a PDF of this poster and had my
handwriting photocopied handwriting in
Chinese saying like look I'm an older
guy I'm learning Chinese as a language
I'm looking for someone to practice
speaking the language with you know a
language partner whatever want to say
and it did it did talk about veganism it
said like I don't the kind of guy don't
drink alcohol
I'm vegan like this is what I study told
you some things about me and that poster
I went around and took around in person
and put it up and even I even presented
it like a business context remember I
went it to a hotel manager and said look
some of your staff must be trying to
learn English and or trying to improve
their English I like totally non-sexy
poster every single response is people
trying to get laid like kick for three
months
like one email which was like a nude
photo attached to the first first
message okay suppose like yeah thank you
for your interest so any anything I mean
any not to misuse the where anything can
be perverted that way I mean like any
any attempt to socially network can
become that new yen